README.md, before:

## Database Project

##### 4.3.1 [2021/4/14 02:15]

- Moved field "schoolyear" from table "activity_record" to "activity_information"
- Renamed to "Database9"
- Next verion should be 5.0.0 and working on teacher

##### 4.3.0 [2021/4/14 01:57]

- Changed "Student_applicationState" show Activity on load
- Fixed Clook issue
- Fixed admin login runtime error
- Added "admin_information"

##### 4.2.1 [2021/4/14 00:28]

- Renamed to "Database8"
- Ready for testing

##### 4.2.0 [2021/4/14 00:26]

- Finished "Student_CMTs_addActivity". Fully functional
- Deleted everything related to "Student payment records" and "Student CMTs Booking"
- Testing is needed

##### 4.1.0 [2021/4/13 23:24]

- Finished "Student_CMTs_records"

##### 4.0.3 [2021/4/13 20:39]

- Finished "Student_CMTs_addActivity". However, not fully functional

##### 4.0.2 [2021/4/13 18:40]

- Fixed "Student_CMTs_attendance" transfering problem

##### 4.0.1 [2021/4/13 02:31]

- Finished "Student_CMTs_attendance"

##### 4.0.0 [2021/4/13 01:19]

- Finished "Student_CMTs" "login"
- Working on "Student_CMTs_attendance"

- - -

##### 3.0.0 [2021/4/12 20:19]

- Finished "Records" Tab
- Next Work on CMTs

- - -

##### 2.3.7 [2021/4/12 18:15]

- Deleted all accdb, other than the current version "7"
- For better performance, increase speed

##### 2.3.6 [2021/4/12 18:10]

- Finished merging
- Created "GoTempPage" for a temp transfer
- Fixed switching form glitch which discovered in verson 2.3.2
- application state and browse are completed
- Next please work on "Records", and start the next version 3.0.0

##### 2.3.5 [2021/4/12 --:--]

- FYT moded

##### 2.3.4 [2021/4/12 05:29]

- slight changed

##### 2.3.3 [2021/4/12 05:28]

- slight changed

##### 2.3.2 [2021/4/12 05:15]

- Renamed to "Database 6"
- Application status of both is completed
- Trying to deal with the problem that switching form glitch
	Transfer page?
	DoCmd Command?

##### 2.3.1 [2021/4/12 03:42]

- Finished "Student_browseClub"
- Next please work on "Student_applicationStatesClub"

##### 2.3.0 [2021/4/12 03:29]

- Pushed just incase

##### 2.2.1 [2021/4/12 01:29]

- Working on "Student_applicationState" "activity side"
- Should be finished everything related to "activity"
- next version is 2.3.0, work on "clubs side"

##### 2.2.0 [2021/4/11 23:21]

- Higher level query in "Student_browseActivities"
	max people with approvel 
- Can sign up activity (with (error/success) msgbox)
- Working on "Student_applicationState"

##### 2.1.1 [2021/3/31 02:06]

- High level query in "Student_browseActivities"
	Same school year, club, max people, reg deadline...

##### 2.1.0 [2021/3/30 23:41]

- Added "Student_login" and "Teacher_login"
- moded code in login for both student and teacher
- Finished "Teacher_Personal_general"
- Finished "Teacher_welcome" (without nav buttons)

##### 2.0.7 [2021/3/30 23:33]

- Finished Student_browseClub
- Finished Student_browseActivities

##### 2.0.6 [2021/3/30 20:23]

- Finished Student_browseActivities
- Working on Student_browseClubs

##### 2.0.5 [2021/3/30 15:37]

- Renamed to "Database5.accdb"
- Added "Student_browseActivitiesPopUp"
- Finished the overall layout of the above form

##### 2.0.4 [2021/3/30 12:44]

- working on "Student_browseActivities"
- Form Button test worked

##### 2.0.3 [2021/3/25 19:39]

- Saved for Mobi

##### 2.0.2 [2021/3/25 14:58]

- Saved for Mobi

##### 2.0.1 [2021/3/25 00:29]

- Saved for FYT

##### 2.0.0 [2021/3/24 00:57]

- Added "Student_browseActivites"
- Modified table "Activity_information" and "Activity_record"

- - -

##### 1.5.1 [2021/3/23 23:36]

- Finished "Student_Personal_selfAccount"
- Finished 1/3 of the function of Student
- Next will be working on Student Main Menu functions
- The next version will start at 2.0.0

##### 1.5.0 [2021/3/23 22:56]

- Added mutiple tables
- Added mutiple forms
- Added mutiple queries
- Finished "Student_Personal_medicalInformation", "Student_Personal_guardianInformation", "Student_Personal_awardsRecord", "Student_Personal_academicRecords"
- Working on "Student_Personal_selfAccount"

##### 1.4.1 [2021/3/20 22:51]

- Slight modified the "README.md"

##### 1.4.0 [2021/3/20 22:48]

- Added "README.md" in this repo
- Playto aligned all elements in current (4) forms
- Added whole bunch of x2 image
- All image had replaced with a x2 version for higher quality
- "Database31" is abandoned
- Work on "Database4"

##### 1.3.1

- Added figmaToAccess
- Added 3 Form without alignment

##### 1.3.0

- Removed "Form1" form
- Added btn_overlay to navigate the system
- Added Logout feature
- Added Clock feature

##### 1.2.3

- replaced "All login" form with "Ban" form and renamed to "AllLogin"

##### 1.2.2

- Could pass user id to Personal

##### 1.2.1

- replaced "All login" form with "Ban" form and renamed to "AllLogin"

##### 1.1.3

- replaced "All login" form with "Ban" form and renamed to "AllLogin"

##### 1.1.2

- Finished whole function of the Login in screen.

###### Update 2021/3/20 Not actually all functions

##### 1.1.0

- login basic


##### 1.0.1

- with access file attached.

##### 1.0.0 [2021/3/19 06:04]

- basic form
- vb current student form

Commit message:

5.0.0
- Finished "Teacher_CMTs"
	"Member" is still not fully functional

README.md, after:

## Database Project

##### 5.0.0 [2021/4/14 03:31]

- Finished "Teacher_CMTs"
	"Member" is still not fully functional
	
- - -

##### 4.3.1 [2021/4/14 02:15]

- Moved field "schoolyear" from table "activity_record" to "activity_information"
- Renamed to "Database9"
- Next verion should be 5.0.0 and working on teacher

##### 4.3.0 [2021/4/14 01:57]

- Changed "Student_applicationState" show Activity on load
- Fixed Clook issue
- Fixed admin login runtime error
- Added "admin_information"

##### 4.2.1 [2021/4/14 00:28]

- Renamed to "Database8"
- Ready for testing

##### 4.2.0 [2021/4/14 00:26]

- Finished "Student_CMTs_addActivity". Fully functional
- Deleted everything related to "Student payment records" and "Student CMTs Booking"
- Testing is needed

##### 4.1.0 [2021/4/13 23:24]

- Finished "Student_CMTs_records"

##### 4.0.3 [2021/4/13 20:39]

- Finished "Student_CMTs_addActivity". However, not fully functional

##### 4.0.2 [2021/4/13 18:40]

- Fixed "Student_CMTs_attendance" transfering problem

##### 4.0.1 [2021/4/13 02:31]

- Finished "Student_CMTs_attendance"

##### 4.0.0 [2021/4/13 01:19]

- Finished "Student_CMTs" "login"
- Working on "Student_CMTs_attendance"

- - -

##### 3.0.0 [2021/4/12 20:19]

- Finished "Records" Tab
- Next Work on CMTs

- - -

##### 2.3.7 [2021/4/12 18:15]

- Deleted all accdb, other than the current version "7"
- For better performance, increase speed

##### 2.3.6 [2021/4/12 18:10]

- Finished merging
- Created "GoTempPage" for a temp transfer
- Fixed switching form glitch which discovered in verson 2.3.2
- application state and browse are completed
- Next please work on "Records", and start the next version 3.0.0

##### 2.3.5 [2021/4/12 --:--]

- FYT moded

##### 2.3.4 [2021/4/12 05:29]

- slight changed

##### 2.3.3 [2021/4/12 05:28]

- slight changed

##### 2.3.2 [2021/4/12 05:15]

- Renamed to "Database 6"
- Application status of both is completed
- Trying to deal with the problem that switching form glitch
	Transfer page?
	DoCmd Command?

##### 2.3.1 [2021/4/12 03:42]

- Finished "Student_browseClub"
- Next please work on "Student_applicationStatesClub"

##### 2.3.0 [2021/4/12 03:29]

- Pushed just incase

##### 2.2.1 [2021/4/12 01:29]

- Working on "Student_applicationState" "activity side"
- Should be finished everything related to "activity"
- next version is 2.3.0, work on "clubs side"

##### 2.2.0 [2021/4/11 23:21]

- Higher level query in "Student_browseActivities"
	max people with approvel 
- Can sign up activity (with (error/success) msgbox)
- Working on "Student_applicationState"

##### 2.1.1 [2021/3/31 02:06]

- High level query in "Student_browseActivities"
	Same school year, club, max people, reg deadline...

##### 2.1.0 [2021/3/30 23:41]

- Added "Student_login" and "Teacher_login"
- moded code in login for both student and teacher
- Finished "Teacher_Personal_general"
- Finished "Teacher_welcome" (without nav buttons)

##### 2.0.7 [2021/3/30 23:33]

- Finished Student_browseClub
- Finished Student_browseActivities

##### 2.0.6 [2021/3/30 20:23]

- Finished Student_browseActivities
- Working on Student_browseClubs

##### 2.0.5 [2021/3/30 15:37]

- Renamed to "Database5.accdb"
- Added "Student_browseActivitiesPopUp"
- Finished the overall layout of the above form

##### 2.0.4 [2021/3/30 12:44]

- working on "Student_browseActivities"
- Form Button test worked

##### 2.0.3 [2021/3/25 19:39]

- Saved for Mobi

##### 2.0.2 [2021/3/25 14:58]

- Saved for Mobi

##### 2.0.1 [2021/3/25 00:29]

- Saved for FYT

##### 2.0.0 [2021/3/24 00:57]

- Added "Student_browseActivites"
- Modified table "Activity_information" and "Activity_record"

- - -

##### 1.5.1 [2021/3/23 23:36]

- Finished "Student_Personal_selfAccount"
- Finished 1/3 of the function of Student
- Next will be working on Student Main Menu functions
- The next version will start at 2.0.0

##### 1.5.0 [2021/3/23 22:56]

- Added mutiple tables
- Added mutiple forms
- Added mutiple queries
- Finished "Student_Personal_medicalInformation", "Student_Personal_guardianInformation", "Student_Personal_awardsRecord", "Student_Personal_academicRecords"
- Working on "Student_Personal_selfAccount"

##### 1.4.1 [2021/3/20 22:51]

- Slight modified the "README.md"

##### 1.4.0 [2021/3/20 22:48]

- Added "README.md" in this repo
- Playto aligned all elements in current (4) forms
- Added whole bunch of x2 image
- All image had replaced with a x2 version for higher quality
- "Database31" is abandoned
- Work on "Database4"

##### 1.3.1

- Added figmaToAccess
- Added 3 Form without alignment

##### 1.3.0

- Removed "Form1" form
- Added btn_overlay to navigate the system
- Added Logout feature
- Added Clock feature

##### 1.2.3

- replaced "All login" form with "Ban" form and renamed to "AllLogin"

##### 1.2.2

- Could pass user id to Personal

##### 1.2.1

- replaced "All login" form with "Ban" form and renamed to "AllLogin"

##### 1.1.3

- replaced "All login" form with "Ban" form and renamed to "AllLogin"

##### 1.1.2

- Finished whole function of the Login in screen.

###### Update 2021/3/20 Not actually all functions

##### 1.1.0

- login basic


##### 1.0.1

- with access file attached.

##### 1.0.0 [2021/3/19 06:04]

- basic form
- vb current student form
